Updates (#16)
transmute-industries/ietf-spice-charter: charter.md

These scenarios were addressed with registered claim names in JOSE and COSE, but resulting solution have lead to fragmented approaches, where each working group rediscovers the essential architecture and conventions necessary for issuers to make claims about subjects.

In order to meet privacy, security, and sustainability objectives, digital credentials need to be designed with awareness of computation and storage constraints associated with their use cases.

> The SPICE WG focuses on a few explicit higher level objectives: unlinkability enabling trustworthy exposition of minimal required information to prevent correlation and other attacks, selective disclosure enabling controlled exposition and a authorized subset of linkable, a well-curated, concise claim vocabulary enabling cross-domain interchangeability via registration authorizes (i.e., IANA).

Author: ```suggestion
The SPICE WG focuses on a few explicit higher level objectives: clear semantics, proof schemes supporting both traceability and unlinkability, data minimization and selective disclosure.
```

> The SPICE WG focuses on a few explicit higher level objectives: unlinkability enabling trustworthy exposition of minimal required information to prevent correlation and other attacks, selective disclosure enabling controlled exposition and a authorized subset of linkability, a well-curated, concise claim vocabulary enabling cross-domain interchangeability via registration authorizes (i.e., IANA).

Author: ```suggestion
The SPICE WG focuses on a few explicit higher level objectives: unlinkability enabling trustworthy exposition of minimal required information to prevent correlation and other attacks, selective disclosure enabling controlled exposition and a authorized subset of linkable, a well-curated, concise claim vocabulary enabling cross-domain interchangeability via registration authorizes (i.e., IANA).
```
